Add Release Notes for Foreman 3.9 (#2629)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Release_Notes/topics/foreman.adoc

[id="foreman-headline-features"]
== Headline Features

> === New All Hosts page features
> 
> The new All Hosts page has been revamped to include features like Host Create and Register buttons, bulk host deletion, and faster links to each host. Users will now have the ability to do many CRUD tasks from the new All Hosts page instead of having to go to other pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== New All Hosts page

This release introduces an experimental new page that will eventually replace the All Hosts page.
In its first iteration, it includes Host Create and Register buttons, bulk multi-page selection, host deletion, and faster links to each host.
You can try out the new page via 'Show new host overview page' in Settings.
After changing the setting, a full browser page reload is required.
In future releases, more features will be added to the new page, and the old page will eventually be retired.
```
